readme.solution.md, before:

# Solution instructions and commentaries

All the build and usage commands aredeclared in the `Makefile`. I recommend
using the instructions in there, but if you want, you can use the commands
declared there and run them individually.

## General commentaries

There are some decitions on the code that are not recommended for the
deployment, for example the hardcoded ports for each service in the frontend
microservice. As a pure SRE team, I've tried my best to avoid touching the code
BUT with a mode DevSecOps aproach I'd work with the developers team to improve
this. Ideally i'd recommend exposing all this configuratiosn as environment
variables, and handle all of them with an speciffic tool like
[Infisical](https://infisical.com/) or a vault.


[!NOTE]
**There is an error in the frontend:** If you try to access the `view` button
for `Products`, `Shopping-cart` or `Merchandise` when the url is
`http://<base_url>/#menu`, the address resolution wont work for any of the
microservices. I think this is related with an issue in the frontend code. I
lack the knowledge to solve this.


## Dependencies

- GNU make
- BASH (or POSIX compliant shell)
- Docker (=> 27.1.1) with docker compose (=> 2.29.1)
- Terraform (=> v1.9.2)
- Ansible (=> 2.17.2)


## Developer instructions


## Deploy instructions

Commit message:

Add a note for Makefile over Justfile

readme.solution.md, after:

# Solution instructions and commentaries

All the build and usage commands aredeclared in the `Makefile`. I recommend
using the instructions in there, but if you want, you can use the commands
declared there and run them individually.

## General commentaries

There are some decitions on the code that are not recommended for the
deployment, for example the hardcoded ports for each service in the frontend
microservice. As a pure SRE team, I've tried my best to avoid touching the code
BUT with a mode DevSecOps aproach I'd work with the developers team to improve
this. Ideally i'd recommend exposing all this configuratiosn as environment
variables, and handle all of them with an speciffic tool like
[Infisical](https://infisical.com/) or a vault.

It seems to me that a [Justfile](https://github.com/casey/just) would be a
better tool to document and standardize develop and deploy instructions than a
`Makefile`. Because of its widespread use, I've chosen the latest.

[!NOTE]
**There is an error in the frontend:** If you try to access the `view` button
for `Products`, `Shopping-cart` or `Merchandise` when the url is
`http://<base_url>/#menu`, the address resolution wont work for any of the
microservices. I think this is related with an issue in the frontend code. I
lack the knowledge to solve this.


## Dependencies

- GNU make
- BASH (or POSIX compliant shell)
- Docker (=> 27.1.1) with docker compose (=> 2.29.1)
- Terraform (=> v1.9.2)
- Ansible (=> 2.17.2)


## Developer instructions


## Deploy instructions
